Improvements to the smart contract API README files (#37)
threshold-network/threshold: docs/app-development/random-beacon/README.md

# Random Beacon

Threshold Network Random Beacon contracts source code is available in the
[`keep-network/keep-core`](https://github.com/keep-network/keep-core/tree/main/solidity/random-beacon)
GitHub repository.

The smart contract API documentation is generated based on the NatSpec format
documentation in the smart contract source code.

> The Random Bitcoin contracts API docs are available [here](random-beacon-api/generated-docs/index.md).

Reviewer: After switching from contracts documentation in single file to multiple files, I missed that we should update also this link:
```suggestion
The Random Bitcoin contracts API docs are available [here](random-beacon/random-beacon-api/README.md).
```
We could update this in this PR. Similar change needed for other project's API's READMEs.
